Episode 01 style (#76)
carpentries-incubator/better-research-software-r: episodes/01-introduction.md

The first thing you may want to do is inspect the content of the code and data you received. We will use RStudio for browsing, 
inspecting, and modifying files as well as running our code.

RStudio is a very handy tool for software development and is used by many researchers worldwide. 
It is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE), which are graphical applications that provide a comprehensive workspace for writing, editing, testing, and debugging code - all in one place. 
While RStudio is probably most popular IDE for working with R, there are others you can use (VS code, Positron, etc).

To open our directory `spacewalks` in RStudio, we first want to make this an R project.
In addition to keeping all our files for this project organized for ourselves, using the project feature in R improves reproducibility.
We will discover in the next episode the issues with "hard coding" specific filesystem paths, and how using R projects allows us to create consistent file path references.

To create a new project, open RStudio and go to **File -> New Project**. This will open the new project setup wizard.

> Choose **Existing Directory**, then navigate to and select the spacewalks folder in your home directory using the **Browse...** button. Once the spacewalks folder is selected, click **Open**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose **Existing Directory**, then navigate to and select the `spacewalks` folder in your home directory using the **Browse...** button. Once the `spacewalks` folder is selected, click **Open**.
```

#### File and variable naming

- the data file (`data.json`) and the R script (`my code v2.R`) could have more descriptive names
- R script's name (`my code v2.R`) should not contain blank spaces as it may cause problems when running the code from command line
- variables (e.g. `t`, `tt`, `ttt`) should have more descriptive and meaningful names
- version control is embedded in file name (`my code v2.R`) - there are better ways of keeping track of changes to code and its different versions

> - the project contains a hidden file `.DS_Store` which is local and personal config file that does not need to be shared and doesn't run outside a Mac ecosystem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the project contains a hidden file `.DS_Store` which is local and personal config file that does not need to be shared and isn't used outside a Mac ecosystem
```

#### Documentation

- there is no README documentation to orient the user

> - there is no license information to say how the code can be reused (which then means it cannot be reused at all)

Reviewer: this is a difference in British vs American spelling. The python lesson was written in the UK. The lesson maintainers of this workshop may want to decide if plan to change or keep these spellings generally.
